[Fix] Made private storage backend configuration #417 (#419)
openwisp/openwisp-radius: docs/source/user/settings.rst

    The numeric value represents the size of files in bytes.
    Setting this to ``None`` will mean there's no max size.

``OPENWISP_RADIUS_PRIVATE_STORAGE_INSTANCE``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
+--------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **type**:    | ``str``                                                                             |
+--------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **default**: |  ``openwisp_radius.private_storage.storage.private_file_system_storage``            |
+--------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Dotted path to an instance of any one of the storage classes in
`private_storage <https://github.com/edoburu/django-private-storage#django-private-storage>`_.

> This instance is used for storing csv files to batch import users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This instance is used for storing csv files of batch imports of users.
```
